# AdditionalInformationAccess

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ownerName** | [**List&lt;AccountReference&gt;**](AccountReference.md) | Is asking for account owner name of the accounts referenced within.  If the array is empty in the request, the TPP is asking for the account  owner name of all accessible accounts.  This may be restricted in a PSU/ASPSP authorization dialogue.  If the array is empty, also the arrays for accounts, balances or transactions shall be empty, if used. The ASPSP will indicate in the consent resource after a successful authorisation,  whether the ownerName consent can be accepted by providing the accounts on which the ownerName will  be delivered.  This array can be empty.  |  [optional]
**trustedBeneficiaries** | [**List&lt;AccountReference&gt;**](AccountReference.md) | Optional if supported by API provider. Is asking for the trusted beneficiaries related to the accounts referenced within and related to the PSU. If the array is empty in the request, the TPP is asking for the lists of trusted beneficiaries of all accessible accounts.  This may be restricted in a PSU/ASPSP authorization dialogue by the PSU if also the account lists addressed  by the tags “accounts”, “balances” or “transactions” are empty. The ASPSP will indicate in the consent resource after a successful authorisation,  whether the trustedBeneficiaries consent can be accepted by providing the accounts on which the list of trusted beneficiaries will be delivered.  This array can be empty.  |  [optional]
